what's up guys my name is welcome here
and today I'm going to be showing you
all a hack for Sonic 3 knuckles so this
hack is a shadow hack now a lot of
people have asked me well a few people
have actually asked me is is there a
shadow hack to Sony three knuckles well
yeah there is it's actually a quite
quite an old hack it released I can't
remember it reached a couple years ago a
thing or 1 or 2 years ago I'd say but
this hack E is not the best Sonic 3
Interpol side the reason I'm showing
this hack off is to pretty much respond
to those people who really did want to
know if there was a hack available for
this game so there is we have shadow
right here and he has new sprites Sonic
has new sprites and all kind of thing
there are you know shadow is here but
this hack is really unfinished
now when I say unfinished I really mean
there was just these small things which
could have made the hack a little better
for example Sonic's life icon down there
it still says Sonic and obviously
Sonic's still very bottom left icon is
just gray and for example there are
still some Sonic sprites present in the
game for example you know you know where
like you turn super it's still super
sonic like for some reason the super
sonic sprites aren't changed to shadow
there are also for example on ice cap
zone act 1 you don't see shadow on the
board it's just a great sonic it's just
these things which just could have made
the hack a little better what this hack
is it's pretty decent I mean like we
have the regular sprites I mean he's got
his jumping you know he's obviously got
his crouching or you know looking up
he's just about the regular sprites but
there's just kind of the extra sprites
which would have like you know it would
have made this the hack feel a little
more complete now there is actually
another hack for this game which does
feature shadow you can find out on
YouTube I'll actually link it in the
description but the hack I can't find
the hack anywhere and it looks like 10
times bad and the hack I'm playing right
now
thing is with that hack is like it's it
looks complete to me I mean like there's
more sprites available for and in fact
there's actually super shallow sprites
in the game as well so you could
actually go on the doomsday zone and
actually beat it with shadow that hack
felt really really complete I mean it
did it like looked really complete I can
actually find the hack anywhere I mean I
searched for out like a minute hours by
did such I got for a long time to try
and find the hack and I just had no luck
I just couldn't find it this was the
only hack I could find the rarity to
vote in this hack there's actually one
where super sonic has red streaks in his
on his spikes and it doesn't look too
great and it's just a one where it's
just you know Golden Sun and you know
golden Super Sonic it's just either way
this hack is just unfinished but you
know the way I see it like I'm on also
there's like no abilities or anything
but the way I see it is that it was
pretty much exactly the same as Sonic
and of sangwich 2 and with this hack he
has no new abilities it's not like he's
got like chaos control or anything like
that
he's just Sonic really it's not too bad
I mean if you really that desperate to
play shadow then this hack would
probably decent for you you know he's
got his regular well his some of the
sprite placement could be better for
example like when he looks up his sprite
kind of twitches down a little bit it's
pretty noticeable but if you just want
to go through the game with shadow
sprites then I'm sure this will be fine
for you I mean it's not a terrible hack
don't get me wrong I mean I wouldn't
know the first thing about coding a hack
or anything but um you know shadow is
present and that's all which really
matters I guess and as long as you kind
of like ignore some of the odd Sonic
sprites which appear now and again and
the Sonic icon on the bottom left I mean
like I said like there's just the little
things could have made this hack look
I'm hell of a lot better it's just a
shame that I can't find out other hack
anywhere I mean if I could I would link
you will do it because it wouldn't great
but you know if there if a new shadow
hack does come out in the future I will
definitely link you all to it because I
really want a shadow pack for this game
it you know it is one of those
characters who you just really want to
see and for example like sonic got
throughout twenties you know it's just
these little things you know which could
have made it better but you know if
someone can make an Amy hack for this
game and her sprites a pink then I'm
pretty sure someone can make a shadow
hack and also shadow hacking sonic 1 is
available so it would be really great to
see a hypersonic through knuckles
you know that's pretty much all I got to
say about this hack I will link this in
the description for you also you can try
this out yourself I hope you'll enjoy
this video and if you did drop a like it
I'd really appreciate it
so yeah my name is welcome here catch
you guys soon